[KED-2839] Remove section numbering from docs (#1046)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: RELEASE.md

## Major features and improvements
* Added new CLI group `registry`, with the associated commands `kedro registry list` and `kedro registry describe`, to replace `kedro pipeline list` and `kedro pipeline describe`.

> * Added support for dependency management at a modular pipeline level. When a pipeline with `requirements.txt` is packaged, its dependencies are embedded in the modular pipeline wheel file. Upon pulling the pipeline, Kedro will append dependencies to the project's `requirements.in`. More information is available in [our documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/nodes_and_pipelines/modular_pipelines.html#package-a-modular-pipeline).

Reviewer: We can't retroactively update links to the new format. However we can update them by linking to a specific version, rather than `stable`, to be tied with the specific docs for that version. 
```suggestion
* Added support for dependency management at a modular pipeline level. When a pipeline with `requirements.txt` is packaged, its dependencies are embedded in the modular pipeline wheel file. Upon pulling the pipeline, Kedro will append dependencies to the project's `requirements.in`. More information is available in [our documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/0.17.5/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#package-a-modular-pipeline).
```

| `plotly.PlotlyDataSet` | Works with plotly graph object Figures (saves as json file) | `kedro.extras.datasets.plotly` |

## Bug fixes and other changes

> * Defined our set of Kedro Principles! Have a read through [our docs](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/0.17.4/faq/kedro_principles.html).

Reviewer: This should stay as it was, cause it's already linked to a specific version, rather than `stable`.

* This release has broken the `kedro ipython` and `kedro jupyter` workflows. To fix this, follow the instructions in the migration guide below.
* You will also need to upgrade `kedro-viz` to 3.10.1 if you use the `%run_viz` line magic in Jupyter Notebook.

> > *Note:* If you're using the `ipython` [extension](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tools_integration/ipython.html#ipython-extension) instead, you will not encounter this problem.

Reviewer: Same here, `0.17.5` instead of `stable`, and told folder structure.

## Major features and improvements

> * In a significant change, [we have introduced `KedroSession`](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro_project_setup/session.html) which is responsible for managing the lifecycle of a Kedro run.

Reviewer: and here.

* Added `DatasetSpecs` with Hooks to run before and after datasets are loaded from/saved to the catalog.
* Added a command: `kedro catalog create`. For a registered pipeline, it creates a `<conf_root>/<env>/catalog/<pipeline_name>.yml` configuration file with `MemoryDataSet` datasets for each dataset that is missing from `DataCatalog`.
* Added `settings.py` and `pyproject.toml` (to replace `.kedro.yml`) for project configuration, in line with Python best practice.
* `ProjectContext` is no longer needed, unless for very complex customisations. `KedroContext`, `ProjectHooks` and `settings.py` together implement sensible default behaviour. As a result `context_path` is also now an _optional_ key in `pyproject.toml`.
* Removed `ProjectContext` from `src/<package_name>/run.py`.
* `TemplatedConfigLoader` now supports [Jinja2 template syntax](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.11.x/templates/) alongside its original syntax.

> * Made [registration Hooks](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/extend_kedro/hooks.html#registration-hooks) mandatory, as the only way to customise the `ConfigLoader` or the `DataCatalog` used in a project. If no such Hook is provided in `src/<package_name>/hooks.py`, a `KedroContextError` is raised. There are sensible defaults defined in any project generated with Kedro >= 0.16.5.

Reviewer: everywhere in this file.

Author: Wait so for every file where the URL has `stable` in it I should change it to 0.17.5 with section numbering?

Reviewer: Just `RELEASE.md`. `README.md` is a mirror of the most recent version of kedro, so that's fine, but people can go through release notes historically.
